Updating Connecting to Environments Privately file with Data Services connectivity info. (#169)
Azure/data-management-zone: docs/guidance/EnterpriseScaleAnalytics-ConnectToEnvironmentsPrivately.md

    ![Connect to VM via Bastion](/docs/images/AzureBastionEnterCredentials.png)

4. The RDP session opens in a  new Tab inside your Browser and you can start connecting to your data services.

> 5. Once logged into the VM in a separate browser, go to Microsoft Edge and open [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/), from here navigate to 'dev-product-Synapse001' resource group to open Synapse Workspace for Data Exploration or building Data Products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once logged into the VM in a separate browser, go to Microsoft Edge and open [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/). From here, navigate to the '{prefix}-{environment}-product-synapse001' Synapse workspace inside the '{prefix}-{environment}-shared-product' resource group for Data Exploration.
```

    ![Connect to Synapse Workspace](/docs/images/dev-shared-product-synapse.png)

> 6. Once within the Synapse Workspace to demonstrate Data Exploration and to establish connectivity with Data Services, import a NYC Taxi Dataset (OR any other) from the Gallery and once imported, click on 'New SQL Script' option to query 'TOP 100 rows'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After logging into the Synapse workspace, load a sample dataset from the gallery (e.g. NYC Taxi Dataset). Once imported, click on 'New SQL Script' to query 'TOP 100 rows'.
```
